Update documentation for add-ons (#1379)
Shopify/ruby-lsp: ADDONS.md

        "Ruby LSP My Gem"
      end

>       # Not all requests have a dedicated response builder as shown in this example, some may use ResponseBuilders::CollectionResponseBuilder[ResponseDataType].

Author: Have raised this in issue #1413

      sig do
        override.params(

>           response_builder: ResponseBuilders::Hover,

Reviewer: We need to mention that not all requests have a dedicated response builder. Some use `ResponseBuilders::CollectionResponseBuilder[ResponseDataType]` instead.

          nesting: T::Array[String],
          index: RubyIndexer::Index,
          dispatcher: Prism::Dispatcher,
        ).void
      end
      def create_hover_listener(response_builder, nesting, index, dispatcher)
        # Use the listener factory methods to instantiate listeners with parameters sent by the LSP combined with any
        # pre-computed information in the addon. These factory methods are invoked on every request

>         Hover.new(client, response_builder, @config, dispatcher)

Reviewer: Let's also mention that it's possible to instantiate multiple listener classes in a comment?

      end

    class Hover
      extend T::Sig

>       include Requests::Support::Common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # the Requests::Support::Common module provides some helper methods you may find helpful
      include Requests::Support::Common
```

      # Listeners are initialized with the Prism::Dispatcher. This object is used by the Ruby LSP to emit the events
      # when it finds nodes during AST analysis. Listeners must register which nodes they want to handle with the
      # dispatcher (see below).

>       # Also note that listeners are initialized with a `ResponseBuilders` object. The listener will push the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      # Listeners are initialized with a `ResponseBuilders` object. The listener will push the 
```

      # define `on_constant_read_node_enter` to specify what this listener should do every time we find a constant
      sig { params(node: Prism::ConstantReadNode).void }
      def on_constant_read_node_enter(node)
        # Certain builders are made available to listeners to build LSP responses. The classes under `RubyLsp::ResponseBuilders`

>         # are generally used to build responses and they match exactly what the specification requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # are used to build responses conforming to the LSP Specification.
```
